It is meditation. Meditation and relaxing ourself in calm and peaceful manner and status.
In order to do that, what have to be avoided? As we call it, avoid the distractions.
The distractions are the opposite of the disturbance of being ourself, like in peace.
And we don't have the peaceful quietness, our inner beauty of the calm and peaceful.
Sude will not arise, not shine through. It is similar as water is disturbed.
Water is completely stirred up there, and there is muddies all the time, so we can't really see the
clay water itself.
Similarly, present time, our mind is completely disturbed and distracted by weight.
Or maybe I shouldn't say completely, but most of the time our mind is completely disturbed and
distracted by all the distractions that we go.
Externally and internally we go. And externally we are distracted by all the external activities,
all such objects of the six senses of the external things.
We are completely disturbed. Or particularly also, I can say, five senses.
And those five senses are objects of what? Object sense and "I". Object "I" is forms.
And object "I" is sounds. And object of "nose" is smells.
And object of "taste" is "tust".
And object of "tone" is "taste".
And object of "body" is "touch".
And then plus the sex mode, and next also not sex mode, but one more.
And it is known as the imagination.
The imagination of your mind is the imagination sense, recollecting of the past memories, or the
personal thoughts,
or the future plans were on and on and disturbed by the kind of completely carried way that in our
brains we hover it all the time.
And those are known as then the distractions.
So that distraction is externally happening. And inadvertently also then you are busy with the
mental kind of busy.
So then you are in the kind of time of the calm and the peaceful so that we can relax.
This is the manual obstacles.
And therefore, to avoid those things, then what the teaching said, due to the hermitage.
Hermitage is then something that has led less those distractions.
Even though, of course, as long as your duality mind is not completely finished yet, there is
always distractions.
But however, the hermitage is more better because there are less distractions.
So therefore, in the teaching, what do you say?
Say the hermitage of the busyness of that external world is reduced because of being in the hermit
age level.
So there are less busyness. And then that is not enough.
We also have to be hermitage of our mental activities.
And so therefore, external hermitage, being as hermitage places, is hermitage.
Inworldly hermitage is being associated with mundane conceptions.
And this thought is known as inner hermitages.
By having these two hermitages, we can bring strength of the state of mind or the realization will
shine.
And now, among all the distractions in the samsara, one of the most desirable is,
particularly in the human world, or in what is called desire realms.
In the Buddha's teaching, again, you know that there are three realms.
Desire realms, and poem realms, and poem-less realms.
There are three realms.
And why it's called desire realms, post-desire realms?
It's something that you decide so much all the time.
Time, one of the most powerful desires, is to be associated with the partners.
This is the, the airport is called desire realms.
As the more attracted poem-brain and poem-less realms don't have that strength, that duties, duties
, as desire realms.
Desire realms have such a strong desire that like to be with partners.
That is very strong.
For that reason, in the teaching, name entire this realm as desire realms.
So, among that, therefore, this, again, among all the object of the destructions,
being with it, like, what's called the partner, is the very, very desire.
And also, it is very destructive.
Have you like to stay in the peaceful?
Have you like to bring more tranquility in our mind, in our heart, in the realization, to bring
more realization?
Then have you distracted with that?
It is.
It's very big destructions.
So, among that destructions, and this is, of course, teaching is more focused.
They really had the first of how it started.
It started with the male, male person, who was a king, king.
King is male.
Therefore, then, a great master used terminology as targeted as like, 'pee man, pee man, you should
not be.'
Be designed, attracted.
You should feel what you have is enough and not looking something more than that what you have.
That is what this great master explained.
And that is, again, here.
And then, how we do this?
This is generally, again, in the sense we are ready in the practitioners,
and as well as my own practitioners.
There is three different ways to kind of, like, make ourselves stronger.
The fourth is, is the post-heal, this teaching is encompassed entirely like teachings of the Budd
has.
Hennayana teaching, Mahayana teaching, and Vaidyana teachings.
But it is more, also, highlighted as teachings of the Mahayanas.
So therefore, in the Mahayana way, how we should try to less desire ourself.
Self.
And then, same time, he is adding according as Hennayana levels, how we should do that.
So he can highlight this great master to the Mahayana systems as well as Hennayana systems.
And for all the Mahayana systems, we put some here, but I will, again, roughly go through these
translations and see.
Then, here is a, if you see someone else, a wife, should not look to them with attachment,
attachment.
Even you start kind of attaching at the first time, but immediately catch up your mindfulness.
Mindfulness, if there is similar edge, you should see as your sisters.
According to the edge, you should see that as sisters.
If they are older than yourself, you should see them as your mothers.
If they are younger than yourself, or that person is younger than yourself, you should see as your
daughters.
Through these three manners, three techniques, you should try to avoid, avoid desire, attachment.
See them as these three different methods.
See this.
This is a great master, and a great master, you see, this is the Mahayana way techniques.
We are trying to perceive them.
This is, again, as I said, the first instruction, when all this is to the king.
So, it is to the males, in a way, male's aspects.
But also, his teaching is for the females too.
Teachings is not just for the men.
In that way, father, brother, and son, you should perceive that, and try to avoid.
Avoid the desires, and should, that also help in the way he dared not imagine, when you see the
wife or others.
That means, what do you have, wife, or what do you have?
You should be happy.
You should be satisfied with joy with that.
Not just craving so many one up another, and a young opponent from places like that.
You should be happy and joyless.
At that, they didn't have that health, and then the Hinayana structures.
And that is then seeing duty.
It's not so beautiful.
We are attracted, because our senses are attracted in a desire, seeing something pleasure, and
beautiful, nice.
And therefore, and then, seeing something that is not so pleasant, as unclean things.
And that is then again, this great Master's teaching, in the next few lives, or next few inverses,
how we should perceive things that.
And so, this is the one that, when you have this, how this you can perceive in this many different
level, levels, ways.
And to avoid attachment.
That grasping, that crying, that craving, that things.
And treat it, to do it.
In the very end, teaching what?
It's still teaching.
Seeing everything as a deworming.
Seeing as everything is Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.
All the deities, male and female, God and goddesses.
God and goddesses of Buddha, male and female Buddhas, enlightened beings.
And you also think that they want to speak to you.
And transcendent every those emotions, crying, in that instant status.
Then, this is known as great practitioners.
That is what is known as radiant practitioners.
So, apply the according of our capabilities, and our things.
And what it is, is to avoid that grasping, that clinging.
That is what we should be.
So, that is really about that.
And then, of course, this other next great masters.